yo what's going on family boy Joe
hitting you with another installment to
the chase God webisodes got ready just
cut to the chase you know something I've
noticed recently we're not really
recently but for quite some time now is
that a lot of Christians are trying to
be Christians without their Bible
wanting to be spirit-led without the
word that was written by the Spirit it's
like we avoid studying God's Word
because it actually takes effort we
don't really want to do that so we'll
just rather be spirit led but do we
really have a biblical definition for
being spirit legs I've heard in
conversations with other people in
myself that you know you're diving too
deep into the word you're thinking about
it too much you're trying to turn God
into a subject all Christians are
inevitably theologians fee Oh God ology
study study of God now some of us are
more studious than others but we are all
theologians nonetheless we all have some
thought in our mind about who God is and
what he's like anytime we say anything
about God whether it is true or false we
are engaging in theology for the
Christian there's no such thing as no
theology there's only sound theology or
poor theology no matter how you flip it
my desire is that more Christians and
more churches would turn to the Bible
more and more for their ultimate source
of wisdom and godliness I mean really
really turn to the Bible if your pastor
can get through half of his sermon
without ever referring to his Bible he's
cheating God's people of an opportunity
to know more about God rather than know
more about the pastor and his opinions
and then there are some pastors that are
quoting the Bible to make it say what
they wanted to say as one pastor I heard
say it he says that some preachers are
saying what the Bible says but not
saying what the Bible means and there is
a difference
ripping verses out of context for their
own agenda people have gotten so twisted
that they believe that if as long as
their pastor says that it's true then
it's true period and then when someone
clearly shows them in the Bible
something completely different than its
well as just opinion wanting to be
spirit-led starts with the Word of God
the Bible says that
and we're carried along by the Holy
Spirit when they were writing the Holy
Scriptures knowing the Bible is good
I've heard things like I don't really
need to study my Bible much when I'm led
by the Holy Spirit two problems with
that how do we know about the Holy
Spirit the Bible - in the book of Acts
chapter 2 Pentecost happens this is
crazy outpouring of the Holy Spirit like
never before
this is a famous passage that people
refer to when talking about being filled
with the Holy Spirit
this is Christianity in a raw raw form
it's a crazy crazy scene but even in the
midst of all of this what do they do
they devote themselves to the Apostles
teachings to the fellowship to the
breaking of the bread and the prayers at
that point they didn't have a New
Testament like we do so all they really
had was the Old Testament and the
teachings that were coming from the
Apostles the Apostles teachings is what
we have now in the New Testament and
it's basically a continuation of the Old
Testament being spirit-led is being
devoted to the Word of God being devoted
to fellowship and being devoted to
prayer the Bible is not our only
Authority in life but it is our ultimate
authority that trumps all other
authorities or at least it should we
want God to speak but we do so with a
closed Bible God has spoken and it is so
beautiful if you just open your Bible or
your smartphone app grace and peace
[Music]